.config/nvim/README.md, before:

# Neovim Configuration

My personal Neovim (nvim) setup. It's not where I want it just yet, but it's a good starting point for anyone who wants more out of it. There's a learning curve, but I encourage you to explore.

On first-time startup, nvim will install packer and the included plugins.

## Included Plugins
All plugin configurations are in the **config** directory
 - [packer](https://github.com/wbthomason/packer.nvim) for easy-breezy plugin management.
 - [nvim-tree](https://github.com/nvim-tree/nvim-tree.lua) to browse files in a sidepane.
 - [vim-startify](https://github.com/mhinz/vim-startify) for a customizable start menu.
 - [lualine](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim) for a customizable statusline that shows mode, filename, encoding, git status, and more!
 - [which-key](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim) for tracking key shortcuts and managing your own! It's likely you won't like what I have, so definitely play with this.
 - [telescope](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim) for fuzzy searching in directories. Useful when you don't know the location of a file.
 - [tagbar](https://github.com/preservim/tagbar) to explore code structures easily. I haven't made a keybind to make use of this...yet. Make it yourself!
 - [vim-fugitive](https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive) for easy git integration in nvim. Again, I haven't made a keybind to make use of these features. Make it yourself! Again!
 - [gv](https://github.com/junegunn/gv.vim) to browse git commits. No keybinds...yet.
 - [nvim-autopairs](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-autopairs) to make pairs of certain characters and highlight them. An absolute must-have.
 - [indent-blankline](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim) for indent guides.
 - [vim-floaterm](https://github.com/voldikss/vim-floaterm) for terminals within nvim. Personally I don't use it a lot, but you might!
 - [impatient](https://github.com/lewis6991/impatient.nvim) improves startup time through caches. I included this for future-proofing.
 - [nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter) allows for an easier interface with nvim's treesitter and includes a variety of features. Refer to their repo for more info.
 - [bufferline](https://github.com/akinsho/bufferline.nvim) gives tabs that allow for neater switching between buffers. There's an **x** in the top-right that's meant to close nvim, but it doesn't work yet.
 - [tokyonight](https://github.com/folke/tokyonight.nvim) is a theme for nvim and lualine.
 - [nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp) is for code completion, and it comes bundled with a bunch of other plugins. Refer to their repo for more info.

Commit message:

update nvim, update README, add LICENSE

.config/nvim/README.md, after:

# Neovim Configuration

My personal Neovim (nvim) setup. It's not where I want it just yet, but it's a good starting point for anyone who wants more out of it. There's a learning curve, but I encourage you to explore.

On first-time startup, nvim will install packer and the included plugins.

## Included Plugins
All plugin configurations are in the **config** directory
 - [packer](https://github.com/wbthomason/packer.nvim) for easy-breezy plugin management.
 - [nvim-tree](https://github.com/nvim-tree/nvim-tree.lua) to browse files in a sidepane.
 - [vim-startify](https://github.com/mhinz/vim-startify) for a customizable start menu.
 - [lualine](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim) for a customizable statusline that shows mode, filename, encoding, git status, and more!
 - [which-key](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim) for tracking key shortcuts and managing your own! It's likely you won't like what I have, so definitely play with this.
 - [telescope](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim) for fuzzy searching in directories. Useful when you don't know the location of a file.
 - [tagbar](https://github.com/preservim/tagbar) to explore code structures easily. I haven't made a keybind to make use of this...yet. Make it yourself!
 - [vim-fugitive](https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive) for easy git integration in nvim. Again, I haven't made a keybind to make use of these features. Make it yourself! Again!
 - [gv](https://github.com/junegunn/gv.vim) to browse git commits. No keybinds...yet.
 - [nvim-autopairs](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-autopairs) to make pairs of certain characters and highlight them. An absolute must-have.
 - [indent-blankline](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim) for indent guides.
 - [vim-floaterm](https://github.com/voldikss/vim-floaterm) for terminals within nvim. Personally I don't use it a lot, but you might!
 - [impatient](https://github.com/lewis6991/impatient.nvim) improves startup time through caches. I included this for future-proofing.
 - [nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter) allows for an easier interface with nvim's treesitter and includes a variety of features. Refer to their repo for more info.
 - [bufferline](https://github.com/akinsho/bufferline.nvim) allows for neater switching between tabpages. Can be modified to switch between buffers.
 - [tokyonight](https://github.com/folke/tokyonight.nvim) is a theme for nvim and lualine.
 - [nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp) is for code completion, and it comes bundled with a bunch of other plugins. Refer to their repo for more info.
